# Udemy_Python_Camp
Are you tired of getting videos and lectures on just python basics and syntaxes or just strucked in college studies and hello world program. so I guess you have to give a try to this course this course is designed after analysing what a student need to study python. After analysing what they required and what they want in a course, how they can easily start any course but didn't able to finish it. Now let me explain you how so this course is designed including all fields of python and for keeping the interest until the last there are actually working games as projects so that no one get bored and with that everything explained is designed in very simple and easy way. just after completing the course I guarantee that every single of you will be able to develop any kind of application using python. you will learn to create desktop applications and even controlling objects by using keyboard which I guess most of you already want to learn and also python for data science in which you will learn to create even globe maps. Now let me explain some of few topics you are going to cover-  1.Python for graphical applications.  2.Tkinter - for building desktop applications and actually user interface.  3.Turtle graphics - for learning graphical design using python and to learn controlling objects in computer using keyboard.  4.Databases - for learning that how you can store the data of your games, apps and programs.  5.Python for datascience.  6.Numpy - Learn to create data in form of datasets and analysing data using python.  7.Pandas - To create data frames and analyse them and to visualise data in form of 3-D graphs and 2-D graphs.  8.Matplotlib - To create data visualisations.  9.Seaborn - To create animated plots.  10.Plotly and cufflinks - To create interactive plots.  11.Geographical plotting - To create global scale plots.  12.Python date and time functions.  13.File handling  14.Controll objects using keys.  15.Creating infinite graphical designs.  16.Functions and methods in python  17.Loops and conditionals.  18.Basics and datatypes in python.   What you are going to build in this course(Better if you see in the preview videos):  1.Caterpillar game with proper interface and keyboard control.  2.Smart calculator - Did not need to add symbols just give numbers and ask for any operation.  3.Your own routine database application with proper intrface.  4.An egg catcher game with graphical interface and keyboard control.  5.your own screen pet with gestures.  6.Match maker project.  7.Robot graphics.  8.Kaliedo spiral and modified kaleidoscope spiral(graphical design).  9.An automatic data plotter with more than 30 Types of plots.  10.A geographical baseman plot.  11.Big data analysis project(more than 60+ million data).  12.Artificial inteligent Tic Tac Toe(play against computer).  13.A Dictionary.  14.Hangmen game.  15.Dice rolling simulator. 
